cv.md, before:

### Iryna Zakydalska

Phone: +380967806837

Email: <i.zakydalska@gmail.com> 

Skype: iryna.zakydalska

##### Skills 

- **Software Development Methodologies:**   Agile, Scrum, Kanban 

- **Web browsers:**  Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari

- **Tools:**   Jira, Mantis, TestLink

##### Experience / IT related educational practice

_**QATestLab Training Center			QC Training Course/ Internship**_


QATestLab course covers the fundamental testing concepts with the emphasis on Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and different types of models, overview of STLC, Web projects testing, test design, test cases creation and execution, mobile applications and games services testing. 

- Performed UI, functional, cross-browser, mobile testing 
- Involved in positive and negative test conditions development
- Maintained and executed test cases 
- Created bug reports, prioritized bugs, tracked bug reports using Mantis 

Environment: TestLink, TestRail, Windows 2010, Mantis

_Forte Knowledge			QA Courses in Fundamentals of Manual Testing_

Manual QA course covering bug tracking, test cases, test plans, test reports, SDLC, STLC, SQL, CRM, LMS

Final score of 85 % 

Project: eCommerce Web Store. 

Client: Online health supplement retailer that distributes the purest and highest-grade natural supplements. 
- Provided high-level teamwork in competitive activity circumstances 
- Created and executed Test Cases 
- Performed Exploratory, Functional, and UI/UX testing

**_Languages:_** Ukrainian, Russian, English

##### Education

Specialist Degree of Foreign Languages, Ternopil Volodymyr Hnatiuk National Pedagogical University, Ternopil, Ukraine 2013-2014
Bachelor Degree of Foreign Languages, Ternopil Volodymyr Hnatiuk National Pedagogical University, Ternopil, Ukraine 2009-2013

Commit message:

R3 --the summary of qualifications was added.

cv.md, after:


### Iryna Zakydalska

Phone: +380967806837

Email: <i.zakydalska@gmail.com> 

Skype: iryna.zakydalska

#### Summary of Qualifications:

- Good understanding of SDLC methodologies and STLC processes ■ Good knowledge of tracking tools like JIRA and Mantis 
- Basic understanding of HTML, CSS; basic knowledge of Chrome Dev Tools, Postman for API testing, GIT
- A positive-thinking, dedicated and ultimate team player; patient and calm with an eye for detail; with the ability to work under the pressure
- A knowledge-hungry learner, eager to meet challenges and quickly assimilate new concepts
#### Skills 

- **Software Development Methodologies:**   Agile, Scrum, Kanban 

- **Web browsers:**  Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari

- **Bug-tracking**   Jira, Mantis

- **Version Control:** Git

- **Tools** Postman, Charles Proxy

#### Experience & IT related educational practice

QATestLab Training Center			QC Training Course/ Internship


QATestLab course covers the fundamental testing concepts with the emphasis on Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and different types of models, overview of STLC, Web projects testing, test design, test cases creation and execution, mobile applications and games services testing. 

- Performed UI, functional, cross-browser, mobile testing 
- Involved in positive and negative test conditions development
- Maintained and executed test cases 
- Created bug reports, prioritized bugs, tracked bug reports using Mantis 

Environment: TestLink, TestRail, Windows 2010, Mantis

Forte Knowledge			QA Courses in Fundamentals of Manual Testing_

Manual QA course covering bug tracking, test cases, test plans, test reports, SDLC, STLC, SQL, CRM, LMS

Final score of 85 % 

Project: eCommerce Web Store. 

Client: Online health supplement retailer that distributes the purest and highest-grade natural supplements. 
- Provided high-level teamwork in competitive activity circumstances 
- Created and executed Test Cases 
- Performed Exploratory, Functional, and UI/UX testing

**_Languages:_** Ukrainian, Russian, English

#### Education
Specialist Degree of Foreign Languages, Ternopil Volodymyr Hnatiuk National Pedagogical University, Ternopil, Ukraine 2013-2014

Bachelor Degree of Foreign Languages, Ternopil Volodymyr Hnatiuk National Pedagogical University, Ternopil, Ukraine 2009-2013
